The other thing we might want to do is,
again,
this is where it gets
into the React specifics,
is you could see a world where
this could get problematic, right?
Like this inline style on this section,
right?
We are just used to that being
a JavaScript object, and
you can pass in anything, and you can
misspell anything that you want, right?
You can say this is border, and
you would see that the borders vanished.
Now, that's a really distinct change
from my very beautiful purple
borders to see them vanish.
I'm probably well aware of that one.
But you can imagine something where
you misspell margin or something and
it just looks slightly off,
it gets a little bit trickier to see.
Now, React has gone out
of its way to figure out,
you probably didn't mean to do that,
right?
Cuz it's not assignable to
the type CSSProperties, right?
Again, that is another React built-in
type that basically understands
all of the style properties that
you can pass into a component,
and says that's not one of them, right?
And so basically, very quickly catches
any of those misspellings, right?
And this is a super simple one, but you
can see some of those more insidious bugs
that we deal with in our code is simply,
there was some kinda misspelling,
some kind of mistake.
TypeScript seeks to find
out all those things and
give you immediately
a red squiggly line that
shows you where the issue can be
to make it a lot easier for you.
And one of the best ways
to learn what kind of type
you might need is simply
to hover over stuff, right?
So you can see that this is
using React.CSSProperties, or
undefined in this case, right?
I don't know why you'd pass it undefined,
I guess if you don't have a defined,
right, which nothing will get passed in.
But otherwise it has
this React.CSSProperties.
So what would happen if we
wanted the ability to be able to
pass in to the box another prop,
which is okay, and
you can pass in whatever other
CSS styles that you want.
So let's figure out how we might do that.
Well, we wanna have another property here.
And we'll say style, and
by default style is an empty object.
Right, and
TypeScript is a little annoyed with us.
Well, it's never red and that's true, but
it does not exist on the style BoxProps.
Let's go change this back to ReactNode.
We're going to find this
second property here as well.
Now, because it has a default value,
there's a lot of cases where I don't wanna
pass in a style,
which I do style question mark.
And I can say at this point that
it'll be React.CSSProperties, right?
And this will appease it,
now I can say this one.
All right, that's gotta be a string,
right, and CSS in there like it's okay.
All right, and
we'll actually say this is a border color.
And if we don't use it in the component,
nothing happens.
So here we'll also spread it out.
Right, and so now we can pass styles in.
Now, it is an optional property.
And Steve, didn't you say that
if you use an optional property,
that TypeScript will yell at you?
I did say that.
But because it has a default,
TypeScript knows that in no
case will it be undefined.
It'll either be what they passed in as
a prop or it's gonna be an empty object,
both of which can be spread.
But if we, for
instance took this out, right,
in this case we gotta
take it out here as well.
Right, you can see that it is,
maybe it's not.
It's actually yelling us from when it
doesn't, so it's trying to catch us like,
hey listen, you said this was required,
it's not being used here at all.
So for any of those little, the way it
manifests might change a little bit.
But like any kind of those cases where we
might have done something unintentionally
or have an edge case, TypeScript is
going to seek to try to find it for us.
So let's actually put
that back the way it was.
So we will say style exists, and
we will say that it should be
an empty object by default.